# DNF2LTL

This is a Python library associated with the article called "Boosting human decision-making with AI-generated decision aids" (Becker et al., 2022) submitted to Computational Brain & Behavior Journal. The manuscript is available at .... DNF2LTL is an algorithm which transforms disjunctive normal form formulas into linear temporal logic formulas.

We used Python 3.6.9 and Ubuntu 20.04.

## Installation

To install the library, simply clone the repository and use the package manager [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/) to install the required packages.

```bash
git clone https://github.com/RationalityEnhancement/InterpretableStrategyDiscovery.git
cd DNF2LTL
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Data
Download the data [here](https://owncloud.tuebingen.mpg.de/index.php/s/WiSNpyqa7AMSoDd) and extract the contents directly to the DNF2LTL directory. The data found in the archive is associated with the automatically discovered far-sighted strategy described in the paper. Because there are pickle issues associated with the package structure, to be able to run the whole pipeline and then DNF2LTL, or run DNF2LTL on other generated data, the code needs to be moved to the RL2DT folder and appropriately adapted (changing imports).

Other data can be found it the following folder: [PLP_data](https://owncloud.tuebingen.mpg.de/index.php/s/jM8SfdJxsgXdLWb)

## Example Usage

To run DNF2LTL on the output generated by AI-Interpret and obtain a description of the far-sighted policy run:
```bash
python3.6 interpret_procedure.py --formula_name strategy.pkl --preds_name DSL.pkl --demos_name demos.pkl --path ./farsighted_strategy/
```
Edit the translation.py file in order and change MORTGAGE to False to switch between environment specific words.